Update renaming step to readme (#137)
rootstrap/react-native-base: README.md

You can also create `.env.prod` and `.env.staging` to define environment variables for production and staging.

> 3. Rename your new project using [react-native-rename](https://github.com/junedomingo/react-native-rename). You will also need to rename other files manually. For this you will need to look for the following patterns inside your project files: `ReactNativeBase`, `react-native-base`, `reactnativebase`, `RNBase`.
> Replace them to your corresponding project name (following each corresponding naming convention).
> When looking for the patterns remember to have the `matching case` option enabled and remember to also check for these patterns in your file names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Rename your new project using [react-native-rename](https://github.com/junedomingo/react-native-rename). You will also need to make some manual changes. Look for `develop` and `staging`'s schemes and `{BuildTarged)-Info.plist`s. Last but not least, will need to look for the following patterns inside your project files: `ReactNativeBase`, `react-native-base`, `reactnativebase`, `RNBase`.
Replace them with your corresponding project name (following each corresponding naming convention).
**Important**
When looking for the patterns remember to have the `matching case` option enabled and remember to also check for these patterns in your file names.
```
